welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
little children
sarah pierce is a hapless stay-at-home
mother in a small suburb of boston
she had been working on a doctorate in
english but set aside her work to marry
richard
and raise their three-year-old daughter
lucy
her marriage falls apart when she
discovers that richard is addicted to
online pornography
sarah meets brat adamson a law student
who brings his four-year-old son
aaron to the park brad is married to
kathy
and although their marriage is loving
and amicable it has been lacking
intimacy
when brad is supposed to be studying for
the bar exam
he instead plays on a local football
team or sits and watches teenagers
skateboard outside his house
fantasizing about being young and
carefree again
brad and sarah become friendly and on a
dare
kiss in the park scandalizing the other
park parents
they are instantly attracted to each
other but resolve to keep their
relationship platonic
one day several parents panic when they
see sex offender ronnie j
mcgorvey who was recently released from
prison
swimming in the pool with the children
after ronnie is escorted away by the
police
it begins to rain sarah and brad
take lucy and aaron back to her house
and put the kids to bed
brad looks at one of sarah's books and
finds a photo of him in it
while sarah is drying towels in her
basement brad kisses her and they have
sex
brad's friend larry hedges is a former
police officer who was forced to retire
when he accidentally shot a teenager at
a local mall
now he is estranged from his wife and
spends much of his time
harassing ronnie ronnie lives with his
mother
may who believes that meeting a woman
his own age would cure him of his
pedophilia
ronnie knows this is futile but agrees
to go on a date may has arranged for him
with a woman named sheila
during dinner ronnie tells sheila about
his criminal record
and sheila in return tells him that she
has had a series of nervous breakdowns
they seem to get on well but the date
ends badly when he has her drive by an
elementary school playground so he can
masturbate next to her in the car
when brad skips taking the bar exam
again
kathy grows suspicious and tells brad to
invite
sarah richard and lucy over for dinner
the intimacy evident between brad and
sarah confirms her suspicions
and kathy arranges for her mother to
come for an extended visit so brad and
sarah can't see one another anymore
when brad's football team plays its
final game
sarah attends and cheers as brad scores
the winning touchdown
afterwards while larry waits for brad at
a nearby bar to celebrate their victory
brat and sarah make out on the field
he admits that this is the happiest
moment of his life
and convinces sarah to run away with him
larry goes to ronnie's house and uses a
bullhorn to taunt him
mate comes out to confront him and has a
heart attack
larry is arrested and mae is taken to
the hospital
while ronnie sleeps in the waiting room
may dies
when ronnie goes home he finds an
envelope containing a letter written by
his mother
saying please be a good boy distraught
ronnie destroys much of his mother's
collection of hummel figurines
then takes a butcher knife from the
kitchen
that same night sarah and brad agree to
meet in the park to run away together
brad tells aaron he loves him before
putting him to bed
writes kathy a note explaining why he is
leaving her
then sneaks out while she and her mother
finish the dishes
before he can get to the park he is
distracted by
skateboarding teenagers who convince him
to try a jump himself
brat does so but falls and knocks
himself out
when he regains consciousness he asks
the paramedics to call his wife and to
meet him at the hospital
it turns out that he never left the note
for her and tells one of the
skateboarders to dispose of it for him
when sarah takes lucy to the park she
sees ronnie stagger by
and briefly feels afraid when she sees
him crying about his mother's death
however she feels sorry for him
when lucy disappears sarah panics and
rushes to find her
forgetting about brad after sarah finds
lucy and puts her in the car
sarah starts crying realizing her
getaway with brad as just a fantasy
larry is upset about having indirectly
caused may's death
he genuinely wants to apologize to
ronnie but when he finds ronnie in the
park
he discovers that he has castrated
himself and is bleeding to death
larry races him to the hospital and they
arrive just as kathy meets brad at the
emergency room doors
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]
you